docs: Host configuration reboot example script. (#109)
aws-deadline/deadline-cloud-samples: host_configuration_scripts/worker_reboot/README.md

> # This directory provides example scripts to reboot a Deadline Cloud Service Managed Worker

Reviewer: Do we plan to add more worker rebooting scripts? I feel this category should be broader. Something like `worker_management`.

Author: Not specifically - each use case example will be a specific folder to keep it simple.

> Worker reboots maybe required for system configuration changes. For example, installing new GPU device drivers, or joining network domains.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Worker reboots may be required for system configuration changes. For example, installing new GPU device drivers, or joining network domains.
```

Author: Good call!
